NAME: JAMES KING
LOCATION: San Francisco, CA USA
+1.415.555.2468
jking@email.com
www.linkedin.com/in/customurl

SUMMARY
Global Supply Chain Executive experienced in developing and executing global supply
chain strategies for consumer/retail brands while managing multimillion‐dollar
departmental budgets and global staffs of 100+. Recognized as an innovative and
open‐minded leader delivering results in highly dynamic and rapid growth
organizations. Proven change agent having comprehensively reorganized and
integrated supply chain functions at three global companies. Demonstrated success
leading multi‐national teams and creating optimal match of supply and demand during
periods of both high volatility and tremendous growth in the Wholesale, Retail and
E‐com channels.  Strong global team builder who is passionate about coaching,
mentoring, collaboration and empowering teams.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
VICE PRESIDENT GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN
Quality Clothes, Co., Redwood City, CA
2017 – 2019
Brief company description.
Promoted to Executive level role responsible for all corporate Global Supply
Planning activities on $2.5B+ in inventory spend ($6.2B Revenue) for multiple
brands with 150+ million units per year, 10,000 colorways, and 170+ suppliers in
30+ countries of origin, from product brief to receipt in distribution center.
Improved Customer Service every year:  Achieved Global Product Fill Rates of 90%
and Service Levels of 96%
Lead‐Time Innovation:  Implemented the company’s first ever Direct Ship Model
(Factory to Customer); established new replenishment capabilities on 50+ million units
Increased Employee Engagement scores to the Top Quartile per Gallup’s global
corporate database
Torchiana | www.torchiana.com | 2020
Copyright Torchiana
HEAD OF AMERICAS SUPPLY PLANNING & COE
Quality Clothes, Co, Redwood City, CA
2015 – 2017
Promoted to lead all supply planning activities for all company brands in the
Americas region, and charged with heading a newly created Global Center of
Excellence (COE) for Supply Planning to implement best in class planning processes
and strategies across the Americas, Europe and Asia, Middle East and Africa
purchasing regions.
Designed and activated the company’s first ever global, centralized and pan‐brand
supply planning organization deemed “best in class” by third party consultants
Achieved a 30% reduction in global functional head‐count and org costs (SG&A) via
a comprehensive org restructuring and revision of cross functional ways of working
SENIOR DIRECTOR SUPPLY CHAIN
Quality Clothes, Co., Redwood City, CA
2014 – 2015
Recruited to lead Quality’s brand Inventory Planning, Purchasing and Procurement,
Open‐to‐Buy and Turns/DSI Management, and Production/Capacity/Fabric Planning for
the US, Canada, Mexico and Brazil markets.
Engineered a new cross functional and pan‐brand pre‐season planning process to
reduce vendor loading constraints by 25%, prepare contingency plans for key product
launches, and identify cost savings opportunities
Spearheaded efforts to define, measure, record, assess and then significantly
shorten global production lead‐times by 45 days on finished goods and 20 days on
raw materials
DIRECTOR SUPPLY PLANNING
Athletic Accessories, Inc., San Francisco, CA
2007 – 2013
Brief company description.
Led all Demand Forecasting, Inventory Planning, Purchasing and Supply Planning
activities for all product categories sold in the US (Footwear, Apparel,
Accessories, Gear and Golf Clubs).
Implemented a new Open to Buy (OTB) process which managed significant and
volatile inventory risk vs. growth opportunities during the Great Recession of
2008‐2010
Torchiana | www.torchiana.com | 2020
Designed and led a new monthly Sales & Operations Planning (S&OP) process which
enhanced executive level collaboration and decision making in support of achieving
both revenue and profitability objectives
HEAD OF GLOBAL SUPPLY PLANNING
The Sports Org, San Francisco, CA
2002 – 2007
Brief company description
Responsible for Supply Planning on 200+ million units per year, 200,000 SKU’s, at
300+ suppliers in 20+ countries of origin, from product brief to receipt in
distribution center.  Multi‐branded and global sporting goods categories managed
included Apparel, Accessories and Gear items.
Proven change agent who led the integration of all planning processes, tools, and
organizational details for both a significant regional/global corporate operations
reorganization and also multiple group brand acquisitions
Championed the design and implementation of a new global planning system (ILS)
which managed all forecasting, planning, promising and order scheduling activities
Improved multi‐national and global team effectiveness and efficiency with an
emphasis on diversity, integrity, inclusion and collaboration
OTHER EXPERIENCE
Apparel Sourcing Manager
The Apparel Co.,Seattle, WA
1994 – 2002
Law Clerk
State Department of Justice Civil Enforcement Division, Small town, State
1992 – 1994
EDUCATION
Juris Doctor / Large University – Collegetown, State
Associate Editor Large University Law Review.  High Honors Legal Research and
Writing.
Bachelor of Arts, Economics / College – Capital, State
Significant coursework in statistics, mathematics and chemistry.
