TEMPORARY - Accounts Administrator - City of London

An outstanding opportunity to work within a globally recognised Media company in the heart of the City. This is a chance to showcase your Administration skills and take on this new role as your own!

£13-£15 per hour!

Office Angels offer incredible benefits on our own Boost platform that you won't find anywhere else, offering 29 days holiday, discounts on large retailers, free eye care vouchers and much more!

9.00am - 6.00pm (Full time, Temporary)

This globally recognised Media firm are looking for an Accounts Administrator to help coordinate the day to day tasks within the accounts and finance team ensuring the working day runs seamlessly. You will need to have experience working within an Office Administration role to enable you to showcase your fantastic skills and take the role on as your own. You will be liaising with internal and external clients, helping to review and arrange for particular payments to be made. Experience working within a finance team and or role will be preferred as this role will require someone who is confident working with numbers and be able to make accurate calculations!

You will become part of a sociable, supportive, and diverse team working to achieve the same goals in this fantastic Insurance firm, based within outstanding offices. Alongside this role Office Angels provide temps with incredible Boost benefits which provide you with 29 days holiday, discounts on large retailers, free eye care vouchers and much more!

This could be your next career move?

Represent this fantastic company being apart of their accounts and finance team
Provide an outstanding customer service at all times to both clients and colleagues
Gathering important data to ensure that calculations can be made correctly to ensure successful outcomes
Take ownership of large MS Excel files
Answering the telephones, directing calls to appropriate colleagues, taking accurate messages
Coordinating all financial changes, helping support the team
Supporting the team with all administration tasks
Managing the accounts inbox
Coordinating and distributing emails for internal communications regarding system updates and changes
Updating internal systems with real time changes
Raising invoices and managing invoice records
You will be able to use the following competencies in the role:

Be able to work well under pressure
Ability to use internal financial systems
Ability to work independently and as part of a team to suit business needs
Manage and prioritise workloads to meet deadlines
Proficient use of all MS Systems including Word, Outlook and Excel
You will have outstanding customer service skills with the ability to liaise to internal and external stakeholders
Have a positive, pro-active and professional working attitude in line with the companies values
Is this you?

Preferably you will have similar experience working in financial administrative position within the professional services industry.

Why work for this company?

This is a longstanding client of ours and we have placed many happy temps within the business
Strong possibility for the position to go permanent, securing yourself a fantastic role in the City
The company give you the flexibility to make the role your own and take ownership of your daily tasks
Your chance to present yourself as an Office Manager, maintaining a high company standard
You will be joining a recognised company supporting a sociable, friendly and supportive team